So let's implement this step by step.
The first step is that I simply want to open a camera on a native device.
And for this we can use capacitor let's import plugins and capacitor from at capacitor slash core.
And with that imported in on pig image here I will first of all check if the plugin is available.
So if capacitor is plugging away lable camera.
And if this is not the case here then we should have a plan B then we should have no way of getting
an image.
For now I'll just refer nothing here.
We'll take care about this case later.
After does it check here.
Let's use plugins DOT camera and there we have a get photo method.
This method does.
Again just what it sounds like.
Now we can't configured is and we have to consider it as we can to find a quality of the image.
And of course you shouldn't pick too high of a quality because higher qualities mean bigger images which
become more difficult to handle and upload.
So I'll go with 50.
The maximum value here is one hundred minimum value is one and then add the source key here.
And for that I'll use the camera.
Source object which is imported from add capacity or core the camera source is simply giving us some
default here and I want to use the prompt source here which means we are asked whether we want to use
the camera or the image gallery.
You could of course also forced the user to use just a gallery or just a camera.
But I will offer the user choice here I'll set correct orientation to true which makes sure that the
orientation of the image is automatically fixed and it's not rotating images just because you took them
in let's say portrait mode.
You can also set a height and A with 40 image and also at a height of 320 and a width of 200.
And again you want to choose dimensions here which don't lead to an overly large image.
Instead think about what you'll be using the image for and then try to take an image with an appropriate
size because the bigger the image the harder it gets to upload it anywhere and to use it to slower your
apples or gets in last but not least you set the result type here and there we can use the camera result
type object which is also important from at capacitor core.
The camera result type just as the camera source gives us a couple of options here and I will go with
base 64 which means that the image is encoded into a string which we then can convert to a file if we
want to or just use like that you can of course as always learn all about your options here in the official
box for the camera plug in there you'll learn all about its usage and about the different methods it
has and how to configure it I will now change then here and this will give me my image eventually or
hopefully so it will but we might also get an error for whatever reason maybe because we didn't get
permissions or maybe because something went wrong when we tried to get that image.
And in this case here I will for one locked error but we might of course also want to think about an
alternative here now in the then case with just a case I'll focus on right now.
We have an image and therefore here I eventually want to emit an event so I'll create my own listenable
event with at output which is imported from at La core and all named is image.
Just as the location picker we have that location Pick event here.
I'll have my image Pick event which is a new event emitter and I will emit a string here and that will
be that base64.
You are Al which I'm emitting essentially what I will also do in here is I will set this selected image
equal to the image we get here and there to the base64 data which is a property that's only available
if you chose base64 here and of course I will set this or I will call this image pig emit and emit my
image there all to the base 64 data which I picked.
OK so with that we have everything in place we should need here.
Now let's use that.
And of course I want to use my image picture a component here in my new offer a component.
Now first of all make sure that it is added to the shared module here and it is for me image.
Picture component is declared there and therefore in the new offer a component and then you offer page
we should be able to use it because we're able to use the location picture there as well.
So in a new offer Page let me copy that row here with the location picker and simply replace this with
the image picker.
So I have my app image picker with the image pick form event and listening to and then I want to execute
on image picked here.
Now I'm getting an error here for one of course because on image picked which should be written like
this is a method I haven't added yet.
So let's add it here maybe next to on location picked we'll get our image data here which will be a
string but right now will not do anything with it but I'm also getting an error because an image picker
is not recognized here despite us adding it to the shared module if you want to use it in our modules
you have to export it.
So here in your exports array add the image picker component and now with that everything should work
here in the new offer page component as well.
Digital work now and now let's have a look at our application we go to offers and we create a new offer
and I'm in the browser here.
I have that at the stylings yet we'll do this soon.
Let's click take picture and we get an error camera model percent is not a function and that is quite
interesting.
The problem we have here is that actually capacitor tried to take an image here because that actually
is possible in the browser here.
If you have a Web cam on your machine.
But for that to work in the browser it needs an extra package that renders a nice view a nice user interface
for taking an image because unlike on native mobile devices the browser has no built in user interface
for when you want to take a picture you have to build that on your own.
And the ionic team did that for you but you have to add an extra package to use that user interface
and we'll do this soon.
For now let's focus on the mobile apps here.
And therefore I will quit this and I will run ionic capacitor run Android and then of course ionic capacitor
run ISIS as well.
And with that let's see if it works on these mobile devices.
Here I am.
Let's have a look here on Android.
Let's take a picture and we're asked whether we want to grant permission.
Now if I denied this then I will not be able to do so.
So let's for now allowed us.
And now I am asked automatically we didn't at this action sheet but this happens because we chose an
image source of prompt whenever we want to access our gallery or take a picture.
Now I'll take a picture here and.
Then here is this nice interface and dummy picture.
The emulator it gives us.
Now let's take a picture here and confirm this and we see our picture here.
Now we probably want to change to the styling here a little bit too Naik not to take the full size of
the picture we took.
You can also see that quality isn't that great and that we restrict that to size somehow and that therefore
this is a not in the best quality possible but it will do for us and we will actually not needed in
that size.
So that should be fine.
Now let's alter tried here on I was here.
Let me take a picture and now here on the IRS emulator actually taking a picture with the camera doesn't
work.
It's not available on the simulator.
So here you have to choose from photos.
You could only test it on a real device and see if it works there.
But if I chose if I choose a photo here we see here Dad is taken and indeed here also we have a quality
problem though it's not really a problem.
It's on purpose other than that.
This is looking really good.
This seems to work.
We can take these images now let's add some styling.
Let's make sure that it works in the browser too.
And let's provide a fallback in case the user didn't grant permissions or Dad we are running this app
on a device that doesn't have a camera.